>> Steve Kinney: Awesome, so
we're going to look at one-third
pattern in the lightning round.
>> Steve Kinney: Which
is render properties.
Render properties is just yet
another pattern for
separating out your state from
your presentational component.
And what makes this really cool is that
it manages to circumvent the problem
that we saw before with container
components sometimes being a black box.
Like you just put pizza container,
current user container.
Tweets container, and
where that actual code is not very
clear when you stare at that file.
You'd have to go to
another file to see it.
The render properties
pattern allows you to see very clearly
what the actual hierarchy is here.
So it gives you the advantages
of the container pattern and
arguably the one you'll use more.
Which is a higher order component pattern,
right?
But it gives you the ability to
see very clearly what's going on.
So here we have the with count
renders property component.
Let's talk about what's going on here.
It's got the same state
that we've seen before.
But you can see that this component
takes a property called render,
which is going to be a function,
right, and it calls that function.
So what does that look like
on the other side to use it?
You'd say WithCount, and
you'd have a property called render.
And you would pass it a function where
it would pass in all of the props.
So it's not what we're used to seeing
in a react component hierarchy, but
when we look at this source code.
It is getting all of the state
from the with counter component.
But, at the same time it is very clear
that hierarchy without having to name
stuff and
look at it in the dev tools right?
In the previous example when we
made with pizza calculations we had
the pizza container.
If we booked in that source code, it was
just pizza container when we used it.
Right, we'd have to go
spelunking to see what it was.
In this case, when we use this component,
it becomes really clear
what the hierarchy is.
We have this WithCount, and
inside, there is a counter.
And we can see that it's
getting count an increment,
right, I'm just stuck with two this time,
because slides, from that component.
So let's go back one slide.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, it renders just
a div that I'm using solely to contain
it cuz I have to return a single div in
this case and it does this.props.render.
Whatever function is passed in, so
in the same way you were able to pass
onIncrement, onDecrement, two functions.
You can pass it, just a property
called render, which is a function.
And it's called to receive, in this case,
this.state.count this.increment, right?
If we did this in the pizza calculator,
we would see that it would be all the
other ones that we wanted to pass through.
And we would see that happen like that.